Forget it, eat it
Stop, you ate my dinner party with the Lord
I want to leave
How can there be such a good thing in the world?
What else do you want?
Still installing
Forestry I think you are really crazy
What is coming today is the disaster of Kunlun
This is a dinner party prepared by the Zhao family
Do it for you
Forestry
My God
Could it be the king's land?
Master from the ancestors has come
You really resist
You trespassed on my banquet
My day is finally here.
Kunming master
Such a name
Even the head of the Zhao family is going to be respectful to me
Lei Shao, the restaurant downstairs in the Hanging Garden?
It has been arranged.
You watch it with me tonight
Just in time to have a meal together
I also ordered a few bottles of limited edition wine.
Nice
Why don't you worry about having you as a junior in the Qin family?
Head of the Four Families
Lin Shao, what do you want to talk to me about?
Miss Qin, if you are willing to accompany me to drink for a few more days
I don't mind letting you go.
You also don't want forestry to be told by the Lei family